chore: Release v0.35.1 (#2247)
meltano/sdk: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v0.35.1 (2024-02-15)

### 🐛 Fixes

> - [#2243](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2243) Force flattened record according to provided flattened schema -- _**Thanks @joaopamaral!**_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2243](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2243) Flattening level of record is now forced to match the provided flattened schema -- _**Thanks @joaopamaral!**_
```

- [#2245](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2245) Instances of `oneOf` are now handled by null-appending logic
- [#2242](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2242) Hard and soft deletes for handling `ACTIVATE_VERSION` messages now use the same `WHERE` clause -- _**Thanks @vitoravancini!**_
- [#2232](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2232) Test workflow job now fails for unsupported Python versions in cookiecutter templates -- _**Thanks @ReubenFrankel!**_

> - [#2225](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2225) Support non-nullable but not required SQL columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2225](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2225) SQL columns that are non-nullable but not required (i.e. not part of a primary key) are now not included in the `"required": [...]` array of the discovered JSON schema
```

### 📚 Documentation Improvements

- [#2239](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2239) Linked reference docs to source code
- [#2231](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2231) Added an example implemetation of JSON schema validation that uses `fastjsonschema`

> - [#2219](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2219) Add reference docs for tap & target testing helpers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2219](https://github.com/meltano/sdk/issues/2219) Added reference docs for tap & target testing helpers
```
